base takes over the three classes the standard is written in

page-title-h2, page-subtitle-h4 and page-action-buttons-form are the class
names base.html's own standards block is written in, and base DECLARED NONE
OF THEM. Every page that wanted one wrote it out. Across 144 templates that
is 34 hand-written copies of the heading rule, 27 of the subtitle and 12 of
the form bar, plus 35 more inside media queries.

That is the same fault the button sweep found in the action bars, one layer
up: base reached the names but not the rules.

IT IS NOT THIRTEEN DESIGNS. IT IS ONE RULE, DERIVED BY HAND 34 TIMES.

Read as declarations the drift looks like improvisation. Read as a rule it
is a conditional that thirty pages worked out independently:

    h2 margin-bottom    a subtitle follows      pages
    0                   yes                      23
    1rem                NO                        6
    0                   NO                        2   <- wrong
    0.25rem             yes                       2   <- wrong
    1rem                yes                       1   <- wrong

The gap closes when a subtitle follows the heading and opens when nothing
does. Five pages got it wrong. base says it once now, and the five become
right rather than becoming documented exceptions - a component with five
exceptions on the day it ships is not a component.

THREE DECISIONS, TAKEN BEFORE ANYTHING WAS WRITTEN

THE SUBTITLE IS SOFT GREY, from var(--alv-ink-soft). Seven rules painted it
#6c757d - Bootstrap's grey-600, from no palette this project defines - and
nineteen left it inheriting. One of those groups had to move. A mode label
under a module name should be the quieter of the two, which is what the
shape-B round decided in words; this makes it true in colour.

THE <center> ELEMENTS GO. Thirty-five pages centred the heading with a
<center> element inside the h2. base centres with text-align, so they were
redundant the moment it did. This turned a CSS round into a markup round on
signed-off pages, which is why every page is checked two ways its own
construction cannot fake: the CSS rules that survive must be exactly what
was there minus these three classes, and the page's visible words must be
character-for-character unchanged.

THE FIVE OUTLIERS ARE CORRECTED, not preserved.

AND IT TAKES A LARGE BITE OUT OF THE PAPER BUG, FOR FREE

A max-width query with no screen keyword applies to PAPER as well as to
screens - A4 portrait is about 718 CSS px, inside every 768px query - which
is why printed reports come out with a phone-sized heading. TWENTY PAGES
styled one of these three inside exactly such a query. This round deletes
those rules, and base's replacement says screen. The hoist and that part of
the sweep are the same edit; doing them separately means opening the same
pages twice.

It does NOT sweep the other bare queries on those pages. They belong to
section 2.I, they are about different components, and a round that changes
two things cannot say which one fixed it.

WHAT THE SUITE DOES, AND THE PART THAT EARNS ITS KEEP

base now says

    .page-title-h2:has(+ .page-subtitle-h4) { margin-bottom: 0; }

and :has() is the kind of rule that silently does nothing. A browser without
it drops the line and every heading keeps the default gap - no error, no
warning, a layout slightly wrong everywhere that looks deliberate. Reading
the stylesheet cannot tell that apart from working. So section 3 renders
both shapes in Chromium and MEASURES: 4px of gap with a subtitle, 16px
without, and a control that the two differ at all. It also reads back the
computed colour and the text alignment rather than trusting the file.

A SKIPPED CHECK IS COUNTED IN THE SUMMARY. Eleven suites on this gate print
a SKIP line when Playwright is absent and then report zero failed and exit
0, which is how a fresh clone goes green having proved a third less than it
looks. This suite reports passed, failed AND skipped, and says in as many
words that a skip is not a pass. That is the pattern the silent-skip round
should follow.

THREE EXISTING SUITES ASSERTED WHAT JUST BECAME base'S JOB

This is the cost of the markup decision, and it was paid here rather than
discovered on the gate.

test_projects_heading and test_heading_standard both required a <center>
element inside the heading, spelled into the pattern itself.
Seventy-four checks between them. The element is optional in those patterns
now, so they read the same whether or not a page has been through this
round, and both report the same result before it and after.

SCOPE GUARD #26 - test_projects_heading asserted that the twelve media
queries SHAPE B WROTE each say screen. Correct, and it held until base took
the heading over and this round deleted those queries. The claim was never
"these pages contain a query"; it is THE HEADING DOES NOT SHRINK ON PAPER,
and that is now true in a better way - by there being no page-local query at
all, with base's one covering every page at once. It asks now that whoever
owns the rule qualifies it: a page with its own block must say screen, a
page that handed it to base must have handed it over completely.

A PINNED CEILING WENT THE SAME WAY. The same suite capped the pages still
carrying a record name on a centred h2 at six. Making <center> optional made
the pattern SEE a seventh page it had always been blind to - a ceiling
calibrated to a narrower regex decays the first time the regex gets better
at its job. The seven are named now, each against the round that owns it. A
page leaving that set is progress; a page joining it is a new fault, and a
count cannot tell those apart.

A LIST OF PAGES IS NOT A RULE, AND I LEARNED THAT THE SLOW WAY.

The first repair of the ceiling above replaced the number with seven
filenames read off the build sandbox - which holds 97 of this repo's 144
templates. On the development machine there were thirteen, so the named set
was six short and the check failed again. Fifth time today that the sandbox
being a subset produced a wrong answer, and the second time AFTER writing
that lesson into a commit message.

The answer is not six more filenames. The recipe and meal-plan side is
identified by a RULE now - the same name fragments test_required_sweep uses
to exclude it - so it covers the pages nobody has looked at yet, including
the ones that do not exist while I am writing this. Only the seven
property-management pages are named, and each has a round of its own.

A list chosen by hand from a corpus you cannot see is a list. A rule that
says which module a page belongs to is a standard.

SCOPE GUARD #27 - test_print_leaks asserted base keeps "its five guarded
blocks", and base now has six. The sixth is this round: base took the heading
over from thirty-four pages and wrote ONE guarded phone block, deleting
thirty-five page-local ones, twenty of which were bare and printed. A pinned
count calls that a failure when it is the standard spreading.

It is a floor now, and the meaning was always in the line above it: the only
BARE clause in base is the deliberate 991px one, which hides the sidebar and
is meant to fire on paper. That check has teeth - removing a screen keyword
anywhere takes the bare count from one to two and it fails.

MY FIRST REWRITE OF IT COULD NOT FAIL. It asserted that every guarded clause
contains the word screen, which is what the function selecting them filters
on. Sixth check-that-cannot-fail found in this project, and the second one
written by me today while repairing another. It is a floor now and nothing
more, with a note saying where the meaning actually lives.

AND THE WHOLE-GATE COMPARISON WAS BLIND TO IT. Every suite was run before and
after this round and test_print_leaks reported identically both times -
because in the build sandbox it exits early for want of gitignored .bak_leak
snapshots, so the comparison compared two identical early exits. The sandbox
is a subset, for the fourth time today. A comparison of two trees is blind to
anything stale in both, and it is blind to anything that does not run in
either.

SCOPE GUARD #28 - AND THIS ONE IS A FINDING, NOT JUST A REPAIR.

test_heading_standard capped its non-compliant pages at twelve. Relaxing its
<center> requirement made it SEE thirty-eight - because the old pattern
required a center element inside the heading, and thirty-odd pages that never
had one were never examined at all. They were not compliant. They were
invisible.

A ceiling calibrated to a narrow regex reports the system as healthier than
it is, and then fails the day the regex gets better at its job. This one had
been doing that for as long as the pattern existed.

The thirty-eight are named now, each against the round that owns it: twenty-
four on the recipe and meal-plan side, which section 2.K says is 29 templates
swept by nobody and absent from the push gate; eight in Administration and
Personal, which have NEVER been tested and are owed a full review before
anything sweeps them; and six with rounds of their own - the comments report,
the Help module, the portfolio dashboard, the two map pages and tenant
payment behaviour.

Most of them head themselves with an icon, which the standard forbids in as
many words. So the corpus is 89 compliant of 127, not 89 of 101, and that
number is now on the record rather than hidden behind a pattern that could
not see the difference.

A page leaving that set is progress. A page joining it is a new fault. A
count cannot tell those two apart, which is why there is no longer one.

test_table_lease_agreement required .page-title to keep at least 2 rules of
its own. Its own comment said what to do: "If a later round legitimately
removes one, the number moves with it - deliberately, in the same commit."
This round moved them to base, so the class moves from the floors list to
the list below it that says base owns it now.

TWO BUGS IN THE PATCHER, BOTH CAUGHT BY CHECKS RATHER THAN BY READING

The rule regex starts matching immediately after the PREVIOUS rule's closing
brace, so expanding a match to whole lines reached backwards into the rule
before it - and, for the first rule inside a media block, swallowed the
@media line and orphaned its closing brace. The delete spans overlapped and
the splice quietly mangled the file. It anchors on the selector now, expands
to whole lines only when the rule has its line to itself, and merges
overlapping spans unconditionally.

And it walked the raw stylesheet, so a brace inside a CSS comment
desynchronised the media tracking: it decided a media block was empty when
it was not, deleted the whole block, and orphaned thirty unrelated rules.
Comments are blanked to spaces of the same length before the walk now, which
keeps every offset pointing at the real file.

Prose shaped like code, twice, inside the tool doing the sweep. Neither was
found by reading the diff. Both were found by a check that compared the
surviving rules against the rules that had been there.

VERIFIED: 24 checks in the new suite, including the rendered conditional.
Every suite in the repo was run before and after: 79 report identically, and
the two that differ are the round's own suite and the lease-agreement one,
both failing before the round and passing after - which is what a round's
suite should do. The patcher is idempotent, refuses to write if any page
fails its per-file check, and nothing is written when anything fails.

NOT PROVED HERE: that the spacing is the RIGHT spacing. One answer instead
of thirty-four is what this measures; whether that answer is handsome wants
eyes on a screen. Look at Properties > Add, any Financials add screen, and
one printed report.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
Claude-Session: https://claude.ai/code/session_01EQSrDTGDteE6TmBRTMJndg
